So you have to-- just the first
thing that comes to your mind,
you say it, and then
you hit this, OK?
OK.
The first thing that
comes to your mind.
Come on.
Who was your first
celebrity crush?
Diane Lane.
[DING]
Wow, and then you just
worked with her again.
And I just worked with her.
Yeah.
What's the weirdest thing
you've done to make money?
[LAUGHTER]
It's also illegal.
[DING]
So I'm not telling you.
It could come back to haunt me.
[DING]
All right.
Who do you think is
the sexiest man alive?
[CHUCKLES] I always
say, I was on the cover
and I'm still alive.
Right now, I believe
it's Idris Elba.
[DING]
Yeah.
All right.
[CHEERS, APPLAUSE]
What is the most rebellious
thing you did as a teenager?
Oh, at 13, I got really
mad at the parents,
and I'm running away.
And as soon as they went,
oh, you are, and they beat me
to my room to start packing
my bags, helping me,
and then pushed me
out the door, I went,
oh, I don't think
I really want to go
as bad as I thought I did.
[DING]
Yeah, I wasn't that rebellious.
No, not at all.
[LAUGHTER]
What's something you do
that embarrasses your kids?
Sing, hum, and dance a lot--
[DING]
--anywhere.
All right.
Besides making love, showering,
swimming, or playing bongos,
what is something else
you enjoy doing naked?
[LAUGHING]
What were the list of
the first six things?
[LAUGHTER]
Making love, swimming,
showering, or playing bongos.
What else do you
enjoy doing naked?
Cooking, if we're not
deep frying anything.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
What do you usually wear to bed?
So to answer that one
before, the other thing I
like to do besides just--
sleep--
[DING]
--naked.
Naked.
What celebrity can you
do an impression of?
I don't do impressions
of celebrities.
OK.
[DING]
There's a lot of anger
when you hit that thing.
[LAUGHTER]
What onscreen co-star were
you most nervous to kiss?
I'm happy to say I'm going back
through a bit of a log here
of--
That could take a while.
Help me out.
Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
Not Diane, because you
had a crush on her?
We did kiss, but you
haven't seen the movie.
So yes, we did.
That's a good answer.
Thank you--
OK.
--Ellen.
Diane Lane, because I did have
a crush on her from Lonesome
Dove, when she was
Lorrie Darlin'.
So I was kissing myself.
[DING]
How did your wife
feel about that?
Wonderful.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
What's a ridiculous
thing you're afraid of?
Oh, backflips.
It's ridiculous, and
I'm afraid of them.
[DING]
I agree with you.
When you can't sleep in
the middle of the night,
what do you do?
Hm, well, I go to this Calm
app and listen to this reading.
Of yourself.
[LAUGHTER]
[DING]
Oh, there's a Calm app, because
his voice is so soothing
that he actually did--
you have to hear it.
Serenity opens in
theaters this Friday.
We'll be right back.